you
Your 87 you said yeah 17
Please listen to me explain
Who is letting go?
Is it Qin Shi or Ye Shi?
Dear, whether I am in the Qin Dynasty or the Ye Dynasty
I am the one who truly loves you
I am your husband
Is an existence you can rely on
I told you.
How could there be such a thing in the world?
Two similar people
Go to a migrant worker
Just swipe 5 million card
President of the Night Market Group
Will help a small employee like me for no reason
Every time I am in danger
Whether it is Qin Dynasty or Night Period
Will appear in time
green
Mr. Yan
Is the game fun?
Look at me being played around by you
What else?
Qingqing, don't call me that
I don't know you well.
I am your husband
Why don't you keep it?
Did I change my identity?
Everything we've been through
Doesn't it exist anymore?
My husband is Qin Shi
Not Ye Shiqing
The richest man in Yunchen
President of the Yip Group
I can't afford it.